Royal Decree
In order to establish certain councils under the Crown, powers given to the states by the Crown, and other civil matters of importance to confederal governance.

Article I - The Privy Council
The Crown hereby establishes the Privy Council, which shall advise the Crown in legislative matters, shall engage in debate, and draft legislation for the Crown. It shall be opened by the Crown for public sessions every three months.
        Its members shall be made up of the Peerage of the states, who shall be appointed by the Crown. The Bishops shall also be members of the Peerage.
        
Article II - The Executive Council
        The Crown establishes the Executive Council, which shall execute legislation on behalf of the Crown and in the Crown’s authority. 
        It shall consist of the Chancellor, the Secretary of War, and Secretary of the Treasury. They shall be appointed by the Crown.
        The Chancellor is first amongst equals.
        
Article III - Of the States
        The states shall be created by an act of the Crown, once they meet certain conditions including (1) submitting to the Crown’s authority, (2) submitting to the Catholic Faith, and (3) affirming the goals of Eleuedla. They may operate autonomously from the confederal government, in accordance with their separate legal and cultural traditions. 
        The states may form their own civil codes based upon their separate legal customs with permission from the Crown.
        The legal authority of the states derives from their lawful authorities and from the authority of the Crown.
        The Crown promises to protect the states.
        The states and territories may form new subdivisions, combine to form new states or territories, etc, provided they inform the Crown and the Higher Councils in advance.
        
Article IV - Of the Peoples
        The Kingdom of Eleuedla is a union of nation-states under the authority of one Crown. As such, the Crown affirms its duty to protect its peoples and their traditions. The Crown has the responsibility of protecting the peoples from their enemies.
        The Crown guarantees the natural rights of the individual to (1) life, (2) property, and to (3) family. These rights can not be revoked.
        The Crown guarantees certain civil rights of the individual that are dependent on the civil duties of the individual. These civil rights are the right to (1) ownership of weaponry, to (2) private worship, and to (3) peaceful assembly.
        The civil duties are required for certain participation in governments in Eleuedla. They are to the service of the nation-state and to the local community. All men aged eighteen and above are required to serve in the military to the best of their mental and physical abilities.
        
Article V - Additional Provisions
        This act shall be referred to as Royal Decree 26,1 or as the Royal Decree on Government.
        This act may be amended six months after its commencement and assent as law.


Signed,
Elias Oberholtz